docs/keyboard-shortcuts.md, before:

# Available keyboard shortcuts in Wexond

## Windows and Linux

### Shortcuts regarding tabs and windows

| Action                      | Shortcut                     |
| --------------------------- | ---------------------------- |
| Open a new window           | Ctrl + N                     |
| Open a new incognito window | Ctrl + Shift + N             |
| Open a new tab              | Ctrl + T                     |
| Select next tab             | Ctrl + Tab                   |
| Go back                     | Alt + Left Arrow             |
| Go forward                  | Alt + Right Arrow            |
| Close selected tab          | Ctrl + W or Ctrl + F4        |
| Close current window        | Ctrl + Shift + W or Alt + F4 |
| Close Wexond                | Ctrl + Shift + Q             |

### Shortcuts for Wexond functions

| Action                   | Shortcut                       |
| ------------------------ | ------------------------------ |
| Open Overlay             | Alt + F or Alt + E or Ctrl + L |
| Open find in page dialog | Ctrl + F                       |

### Shortcuts regarding websites

| Action                           | Shortcut       |
| -------------------------------- | -------------- |
| Reload                           | F5 or Ctrl + R |
| Go to next clickable element     | Tab            |
| Go to previous clickable element | Shift + Tab    |

Commit message:

feat: add a couple of more keyboard shortcuts (#394)
* feat: prev tab shortcut

* fix: prev, next tab shortcuts

* feat: add selecting tab index

* feat: ctrl+h, ctrl+shift+o

* fix: ctrl+9 should select last tab

* docs: update keyboard shortcuts

* feat: shortcuts for focusing address bar

docs/keyboard-shortcuts.md, after:

# Available keyboard shortcuts in Wexond

## Windows and Linux

### Shortcuts regarding tabs and windows

| Action                      | Shortcut                     |
| --------------------------- | ---------------------------- |
| Open a new window           | Ctrl + N                     |
| Open a new incognito window | Ctrl + Shift + N             |
| Open a new tab              | Ctrl + T                     |
| Select next tab             | Ctrl + Tab                   |
| Select previous tab         | Ctrl + Shift + Tab           |
| Select specific tab         | Ctrl + 1 to Ctrl + 8         |
| Select the rightmost tab    | Ctrl + 9                     |
| Go back                     | Alt + Left Arrow             |
| Go forward                  | Alt + Right Arrow            |
| Close selected tab          | Ctrl + W or Ctrl + F4        |
| Close current window        | Ctrl + Shift + W or Alt + F4 |
| Close Wexond                | Ctrl + Shift + Q             |

### Shortcuts for Wexond functions

| Action                                  | Shortcut                  |
| --------------------------------------- | ------------------------- |
| Open the menu                           | Alt + F or Alt + E        |
| Focus the address bar                   | Ctrl + L or Alt + D or F6 |
| Open find in page dialog                | Ctrl + F                  |
| Open the Bookmarks Manager in a new tab | Ctrl + Shift + O          |
| Open the History page in a new tab      | Ctrl + H                  |

### Shortcuts regarding websites

| Action                           | Shortcut       |
| -------------------------------- | -------------- |
| Reload                           | F5 or Ctrl + R |
| Go to next clickable element     | Tab            |
| Go to previous clickable element | Shift + Tab    |
